Good day friends my name is
Gennady Razin and today we will cook
for breakfast alotta coffee like this
packaging coffee latte in the company organo
gold
it contains 20 disposable
coffee bags
latte and plus 100 percent extract
mushroom ganoderma looks like this bag
and so before you cook yourself on
Breakfast coffee way I prepared
boiling water and
cooled it down to 80 90
degrees at what to pour our coffee and so
take a bag
we open it
pour out the contents pour boiling water and
gently stir the boiling water over
Pour pellets somewhere around 150
milliliters since my eye is not
diamond and i'm not a hunter i only
amateur angler
for this I took a cup size 150
milliliters and so here's the content
stirred
Latte coffee can be prepared at
breakfast you see what time it took
not very much that is, we don't need coffee
beans on us do not need a coffee grinder
coffee maker and so on everything we have is very
going fast
take the coffee latte bag open
pour pour boiling water
temperature 80 90 degrees and all breakfast
ready and not just coffee healing
coffee with mushroom ganoderma is very
recommend friends help yourself
acquire there will be problems
see below the video will link
go to my site where you find out
how to get coffee and how from this coffee
you can even get extra
money to your pension or salary to all
good with you was gennady razin and up
next meetings